chore: Add check list to the pr template (#1071)
aws-amplify/amplify-ios: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

*Description of changes:*

*Check points:*

> - [ ] All tests are passing, unit and integration test
> - [ ] Documentation update for the change if required
> - [ ] Added appropriate semver title to the PR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Added new tests to cover change, if needed
- [ ] All unit tests pass
- [ ] All integration tests pass
- [ ] Documentation update for the change if required
- [ ] PR title conforms to conventional commit style
```
